PHP practical file questions:

1. Create a PHP script to display "Hello, World!".
2. Write a PHP function to calculate the factorial of a number.
3. Develop a PHP program to find the largest element in an array.
4. Implement a PHP script to validate an email address.
5. Create a PHP function to reverse a string.
6. Write a PHP program to check if a number is prime.
7. Develop a PHP script to sort an array in ascending order.
8. Implement a PHP function to generate a random password.
9. Create a PHP program to upload a file to the server.
10. Write a PHP script to connect to a MySQL database.
11. Develop a PHP function to calculate the sum of digits in a number.
12. Implement a PHP program to calculate the area of a circle.
13. Create a PHP script to validate a URL.
14. Write a PHP function to count the number of occurrences of a word in a string.
15. Develop a PHP program to generate a Fibonacci sequence.
16. Implement a PHP script to handle form data and display it.
17. Create a PHP function to check if a string is a palindrome.
18. Write a PHP program to convert temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit and vice versa.
19. Develop a PHP script to extract data from a JSON file.
20. Implement a PHP function to find the length of the longest word in a sentence.
21. Create a PHP program to calculate the factorial of a large number using recursion.
22. Write a PHP script to validate a date in YYYY-MM-DD format.
23. Develop a PHP function to check if a number is even or odd.
24. Implement a PHP program to calculate the sum of all even numbers between 1 and 100.
25. Create a PHP script to generate a simple captcha image.
26. Write a PHP function to convert a string to uppercase without using built-in functions.
27. Develop a PHP program to find the second largest element in an array.
28. Implement a PHP script to display a countdown timer.
29. Create a PHP function to remove duplicates from an array.
30. Write a PHP program to generate a random quote from a predefined list.